  "Reconnaissance": "None",
  "Resource Development": "None",
  "Initial Access": "In June and July 2022, Secureworks Counter Threat Unit researchers identified a campaign targeting government officials' computers in Europe, the Middle East, and South America. The threat group BRONZE PRESIDENT used phishing emails to deliver RAR archive files containing a Windows shortcut (LNK) file that masqueraded as a document. The shortcut executed a renamed legitimate file contained in a hidden folder structure designed to bypass mail-scanning products.",
  "Execution": "The malware, identified as PlugX, is modular and contacts a command and control (C2) server for tasking. It can download additional plugins to enhance its capabilities beyond basic information gathering. The malware executes by importing a malicious DLL that loads, decrypts, and executes an encrypted payload file. The payload drops a decoy document to the user's %Temp% directory and copies three files to a ProgramData subdirectory using a specific naming scheme. The legitimate file is named with its usual name (e.g., Opera.exe, AdobePlugin.exe, AvastBrowser.exe).",
  "Persistence": "PlugX establishes persistence on the host by setting a registry Run key. The running instance of the PlugX payload executes the copy of the legitimate file under ProgramData, passing it a command-line argument before exiting. The legitimate file then imports the malicious DLL in the same folder, loading, decoding, and passing execution to the malicious payload file.",
  "Privilege Escalation": "None",
  "Defense Evasion": "The malicious DLLs and payloads are heavily obfuscated to hinder analysis and reduce the likelihood of detection by host-based security software. The malicious DLL executes its payload using an unusual technique, involving EnumThreadWindows to pass execution to the start of the malicious payload file. The payload file is treated as executable code, similar to a Cobalt Strike stageless payload artifact, which may increase the likelihood of the malware being misidentified.",
  "Credential Access": "None",
  "Discovery": "None",
  "Lateral Movement": "None",
  "Collection": "None",
  "Command and Control": "The PlugX payload communicates with a C2 server and executes the copy of the legitimate file under ProgramData with a command-line argument. The payload file checks the number of arguments and, if an additional argument follows the file path, it opens the decoy document previously dropped to the user's %Temp% folder and continues execution with its C2 routine.",
  "Exfiltration": "None",
  "Impact": "None",
  "Others": "The BRONZE PRESIDENT threat group is likely Chinese government-sponsored and has been observed targeting government officials with politically-themed decoy documents that align with regions where China has interests. The group targets China's neighbors such as Myanmar and Vietnam, and its collection requirements can change quickly, often driven by geopolitical events such as the war in Ukraine. Organizations in regions of interest to China, especially those associated with or operating as government agencies, should closely monitor this group's activities. Secureworks provides indicators for this threat in Table 2 and recommends using available controls to review and restrict access based on these indicators."